hi I'm Bob from physical therapist brand
I know physical therapy and that we are
the most famous physical therapists on
the Internet and our opinion her first
today Brad we're going to talk about
just the wheel Walker this is the a what
we call a front wheel blocker only has
wheels on the front now one of the
concerns people have about using a
walker with wheels these people that
have brought up over the years to me is
that they're afraid that Walker is going
to get away from and they go you know
but the thing is when you have the two
back legs here and they don't have
wheels on it this is a pretty stable
this is probably the Walker of choice
that we use with most of our patients
and the reason it's better than just a
regular Walker without wheels is because
if you're walking along and let's say
I'm the way your disability is let's you
have a knee replacement or whatever when
you have to pick up the Walker right now
you have to balance and you're at a risk
for falling so it's not taking that you
know I lift it up I got right back now I
take a step I pick it up this is where I
could fall if you have the wheels on it
you just push it along and you always
have stability there all right what are
the things sold that what you hope I was
going to mention however thing is if you
got a back problem you've got to lift
that Walker up every step it's a common
thing that the back would be irritated
so you're putting more stress on your
joints now as you're picking it up and
let having to lift a connection yeah by
far these are probably the most popular
Walker's out there so a lot of times
these walkers come and they just have
regular rubber tips on the back and the
problem with that is they don't slide
very well you're talking right here so
this is where one one solution that
you're going to see is that people
actually buy plastic glides for yeah
it's a glide that helps the Walker blah
blah sometimes I call them skis because
they kind of look like oh yeah they're
about this lawn I'm sorry we don't have
one
de Brad one of the disadvantages of
those skis well the thicker bottom is
there still lazy that's something with a
rubber when you slide the rubber cross
this apartment or linoleum floor they'll
shatter and help grip the nose you crash
the floor
well the scheme will do the same thing
they especially take it outside the ski
kind of gets home dirt impregnated in it
then you got scratches going down your
floor that still makes the noise ski
gets rough and up outside yeah they're
really good for outside but but not the
combination so if you have a walker for
inside only then the skis aren't the
best do you wanna get something that's
going to be quiet right and a real
popular thing in the past has been get a
tennis ball cut it open and a slit and
we have a video on this as well and then
you put the tennis ball and it stays on
there because you only cut part of it
open but we found out I found out
something better than a tennis ball and
this I have to give credit to one of the
girls that works with us
Julie Gibbs she came out with this all
right these are these little felt
protectors that you put on the bottom of
chairs so that they don't damage your
floor so she goes white damage and first
off these are very nice but yeah I was
looking at so they have their own self
adhesive on there so you just take off
and you're gonna put it on the back like
this perfect and then what you do need
to do is you're gonna have to tape it in
place though because these could flip
off sure adhesive isn't quite yeah it
works pretty well at all but what I
would take probably the universal duct
tape yeah probably I use electrical tape
myself but I think Rabbitohs electrical
tape okay that's just me because that's
smaller or why because it's kind of
stretches that you can really talk about
alright now you can get
different colors too like that day so
I'm gonna put these bolts on there Brad
I'm gonna have you try this once it I
know it's not tainted up cheaper to that
papers really gone up in price I know
you made your wallet out of it and just
kind of push it on there didn't have
carpet on here or just you know it was
just a wonderful what it's like to you
on the carpet I actually did it better
than that rubber it slides well so
that's a helpful hint we're probably the
first ones to provide this information
in the entire world this is amazing
stuff you well that's one of the little
things that makes a big difference
you've got you know a couple thousand
dollars in your new floor then you go
slide across your your Walker and her
foot scratches arm and yeah by the way
those skis I don't remember what do you
mean with this call me five dollars you
can get them cheaper but I know if you
go to a local pharmacy you're gonna
spend twenty to twenty five dollars
you're gonna have to go online to get
them cheaper so we're gonna we're giving
you hints they're gonna help you save
you money and also as you get older if
you're 40 and over you're gonna want to
subscribe to us you're gonna be provide
videos on how to stay healthy and fit
well into your older years time they
keep you healthy it's gonna save you
some money and I'll make life easier
alright thanks for coming